datinglogo (5K)
Because most profiles are just word soup anyway.

If you want to Woody Allen self-deprecating humor quizzo. Doctor Who my cats my height and shoulders someone who shares my sense of humor Arrested Development, beach days jazz cafes really hoppy beers bored at home home brewing. Food as friends if you're down to actually meet at some point trying this for the first time extrovert listening to music.

I'm just a regular guy Infinite Jest just looking to have some fun I'm really good at. Extrovert Sunday funday outdoor activities Werner Herzog optimistic, outdoorsy if you're down to actually meet at some point coffee thinking about trying yoga beach days. Tacos training for the marathon I'm not good at filling out these things playing my guitar I don't really like talking about myself seeing as many countries as possible.

On The Road open-minded what to order off of the menu someone who shares my sense of humor. Vampire Weekend On The Road open-minded short-term dating as friends, medical school my goofy smile quizzo the simple things in life feminism. My beard my cats down to earth open-minded my cats vegetarian.

It depends on the night crossfit I know I listed more than 6 things making people laugh. Kurosawa mountain biking I have a crush on using my farmshare someone who shares my sense of humor, fixing up my house really hoppy beers just looking to have some fun exploring the city Ethiopian. Video games thinking about trying yoga down to earth making lasagna from scratch snowboarding short-term dating.

It depends on the night fixing up my house local sports teams using my farmshare. I'm not good at filling out these things if you think we have something in common Netflix jazz cafes life is short, Sunday funday Kurosawa going to shows someone who shares my sense of humor playing my guitar. If you think we have something in common whatever topic is on NPR too many to list optimistic tattoos watching a movie.

The Daily Show tattoos parallel parking my smartphone. My height and shoulders going back to school you should message me art school joking around, passionate about I'm a good listener it depends on the night sleeping late pickles. Ethical nonmonogamy if you're down to actually meet at some point recently moved back jazz cafes I'm not good at filling out these things crossfit.

Family Guy I'm a good listener really hoppy beers stepping outside your comfort zone. My goofy smile Kurosawa Murakami grilling using my farmshare, foreign films Indian food whatever topic is on NPR ethical nonmonogamy Oxford comma. If you think we have something in common Netflix just looking to have some fun The Daily Show quizzo exploring the city.

Tattoos Game of Thrones not looking for a penpal trying this for the first time. If you like my profile trying different restaurants home brewing life is short I value art, bored at home optimistic trying this for the first time I love the smell of fixing up my house. The Daily Show Myers-Briggs video games if you think we have something in common extrovert recently moved back.

iopian recently moved back On The Road. Making people laugh going to the gym my favorite word is making people laugh Kurosawa, exploring the city snowboarding coffee you should message me making people laugh. Open-minded I'm just a regular guy life is short foreign films mountain biking video games.

Open-minded I enjoy working at a coffee shop chilling at a bar with friends. If you like my profile bored at home feminism using my farmshare skiing, is pretty awesome I'm a big fan of Oxford comma only looking for something casual foreign films. I hate lists parallel parking making people laugh everything but country music fascinates me I'm really good at.

Making people laugh tacos foreign films I know I listed more than 6 things. Life is short outdoorsy foodie if you want to Arrested Development, going back to school outdoorsy trying this for the first time skiing self-deprecating humor. But then it wouldn't be private passionate about if you like my profile my dogs extrovert training for the marathon.

Snowboarding I'm just a regular guy whiskey going back to school. My friends tell me they don't get why I'm single self-deprecating humor really hoppy beers I value art easy-going, fitness dubstep but then it wouldn't be private I love the smell of whiskey. Fascinates me whiskey thinking about trying yoga I don't take myself too seriously Infinite Jest open-minded.

Vegetarian parallel parking joking around I'm a good listener. Beach days strong and confident share a new experience pickles Myers-Briggs, outdoorsy if you like my profile I'm pretty laid-back listening to music Sunday funday. Mountain biking fixing up my house if you're still reading this ethical nonmonogamy dubstep joking around.

Home brewing vegetarian discussing politics Indian food. My height and shoulders if you're still reading this hiking fixing up my house Netflix, just looking to have some fun it depends on the night mountain biking going to shows discussing politics. Netflix grilling if you think we have something in common adventures my eyes exploring the city.

